1. I know my Test Cases are definitely mmissing some cases that I haven't thought of, it's definitely something I need to work on in the future. I know none of my code works because my implementation of Dijkstras algorithm isn't even finished. I understand Dijkstras algorithm on paper, but coding it is...difficult. I implemented some pseudo code of how I think you would implement the algorithm, but it doesn't work, obviously. 
2. Something important I learned is how to create Test Cases as well as learning to talk with others about code. Test cases will be important in future classes for testing my code, and collaboration with others I believe is also very useful, especially when you've stared at your code for so long it looks insane (which it is). Talking about the pseudo code with another person helped me understand better what I needed to do in concept and how I'd try to implement it. 
3. I think one of the hardest things about this project for me was understanding what was happening in the files. While I got the general knowledge of what was happening with the files it took me a while to figure out where everything was going and where certain functions were getting their data from. Trying to think of test cases also got me, I haven't practiced with creating my own test cases at all so it felt like I was a fish out of water when thinking of test cases. Implementing Dijkstras algorithm was also more challenging than I had initially thought (because I did not finish it) it would be, trying to create/understand the priority queue was a specific difficulty I had.

Side Note because I don't entirely know where i'd put this: I also just did not give myself enough time for this assignment, I was focusing on my other finals that I kind of pushed this off to the side until the last moment. Which is totally my fault, but it has taught me to give myself plenty of time in the future when I have final projects such as this.

I'm so burnt out (pity on the poor?? (joking))

Joke: What's faster than an escalator? an escaSOONER.